Wonderful, so now we have our S3 plugin installed and configured,
and we're ready to go about setting up Blue Ocean with GitHub.
So let's click on Open Blue Ocean.
It's going to prompt us that this is the first time.
So go ahead and create a new pipeline,
and it gives us five options by default.
Let's choose GitHub.
Very helpfully says create an access token here and this
is wonderful,because as long as you are still logged in to GitHub,
it will recognize that,
and we can do that auto-magically.
Click on "Generate token".
Wonderful.
Let's put that information into Jenkins,
and connect, and it sees my GitHub repositories.
We're going to select it. Create pipeline.
Great. So now we have configured to talk to GitHub,
and we can go about working with a branch.
Let's go into master and let's see what is giving us.
So we're going to kick off a build here.
Great. So we have successfully built our pipeline
and what was incorporated in this was uploading into S3.
So we did a deployment,
and it wasn't a continuous deployment,
but it was a successful deployment into S3.
Now we're going to go ahead and take a look at the other half of CI/CD nomenclature.
We're going to start looking into
continuous integration and some of
the components that are involved in that in the next lesson.